Update README.md (#395)
metaschema-framework/metaschema-java: README.md

## Relationship to prior work

The contents of this repository is based on work from the [Metaschema Java repository](https://github.com/usnistgov/metaschema-java/) maintained by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), the [contents of which have been dedicated in the worldwide public domain](https://github.com/usnistgov/metaschema-java/blob/1a496e4bcf905add6b00a77a762ed3cc31bf77e6/LICENSE.md) using the [CC0 1.0 Universal](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) public domain dedication. This repository builds on this prior work, maintaining the [CCO license](https://github.com/metaschema-framework/metaschema-java/blob/main/LICENSE.md) on any new works in this repository.

> This library is maintained to be feature compatible with the features in the NIST [v1.0.0-M1](https://github.com/usnistgov/metaschema-java/releases/tag/v1.0.0-M1) release. This means that Metaschema-based content produced for either will work with this library. Flaws have been fixed in cases where flaws have been identified in the NIST version and confirmed to present in this library. This has been noted in related [issues](https://github.com/usnistgov/metaschema-java/issues) in the NIST repository.

Reviewer: Minor: I know we casually talk about flaws, but I would propose bug as more objective. That said, I do not feel strongly about it, but just a suggestion.

```suggestion
This library is maintained to be feature compatible with the features in the NIST [v1.0.0-M1](https://github.com/usnistgov/metaschema-java/releases/tag/v1.0.0-M1) release. This means that Metaschema-based content produced for either will work with this library. Bugs have been fixed in cases where bugs have been identified in the NIST version and when confirmed to have been present in this library. This has been noted in related [issues](https://github.com/usnistgov/metaschema-java/issues) in the NIST repository.
```
